# What does each file do?

Project source code
- `src`: Root directory for the game's source code.
- `src/client`: Synced into `ReplicatedStorage.Client`.
- `src/server`: Synced into `ServerScriptService.Server`.
- `src/shared`: Synced into `ReplicatedStorage.Shared`.

Rojo files
- `default.project.json`: Rojo project file which describes how and where to
  sync files and folders into Roblox Studio. See [Rojo's documentation on
  the project file format](https://rojo.space/docs/v7/project-format/).
- `sourcemap.json`: A file which describes where to sync each file in the source
  code to in the Roblox DataModel. Can be generated by Rojo using
  `rojo sourcemap`. Luau LSP uses it for script require autocomplete. You can
  configure Luau LSP to automatically generate this file by setting
  `luau-lsp.sourcemap.autogenerate` to true.

Pesde packages
- `pesde.lock`: Generated by running `pesde install` in the command line.
  Describes project dependencies in a format which can be easily parsed by
  tools.
- `pesde.toml`: Lists the dependencies used by the project to be installed when
  `pesde install` is run in the command line.  Meant to be written and edited by
  a programmer.
- `luau_packages`: Directory for installed Luau packages designed to be used by
  Luau code in the project.
- `lune_packages`: Directory for installed Lune packages designed to be used
  in Lune scripts.
- `roblox_packages`: Directory for installed Roblox packages. These are synced
  into the game with Rojo.

Rokit tools
- `rokit.toml`: Holds toolchain manifests. Usually, you will not have to touch
  this file, as it is automatically managed by Rokit.

Selene configuration
- `selene.toml`: Configures Selene. See [Selene options](https://kampfkarren.github.io/selene/usage/configuration.html?highlight=selene.toml#configuration).

StyLua configuration
- `stylua.toml`: Configures StyLua. See [StyLua options](https://github.com/JohnnyMorganz/StyLua?tab=readme-ov-file#options).

Luau configuration
- `.luaurc`: Configures Luau's code analysis features. At the time of writing,
  there is currently no documentation on this file. However, you generally won't
  need to touch it.

Luau LSP type definitions
- `globalTypes.d.luau`: A file which provides type definitions and documentation
  for the Roblox API for VSCode. Downloaded from [Luau LSP's repository](https://github.com/JohnnyMorganz/luau-lsp/blob/main/editors/README.md#configuring-definitions-and-documentation).

Lune scripts
- `.lune/`: Directory for Lune scripts. Lune searches this directory for
  `SCRIPT_NAME.luau` when you run `lune run SCRIPT_NAME`. You can find
  documentation for most of the scripts listed below by running
  `lune run SCRIPT_NAME help`. The functions of the scripts which are meant to
  be used are listed below.
  - `.lune/analyze.luau`: Analyzes the `src` directory and outputs type errors
    and the scripts they're located in.
  - `.lune/config.luau`: Holds configuration values for other scripts.
  - `.lune/install.luau`: Installs Roblox packages.
  - `.lune/serve.luau`: Starts a Rojo sync.
  - `.lune/setup.luau`: Sets up the development environment, installing
    packages and needed files. Imports the main place from Roblox and writes it
    to `build.rbxlx`, and then starts a Rojo sync.

Git configuration files
- `.gitattributes`: Git repository settings.
- `.gitignore`: Defines files which should not be tracked by Git.